chore: update versions (rc) (#2782)
umijs/qiankun: packages/sandbox/CHANGELOG.md

# @qiankunjs/sandbox

## 0.0.1-rc.8

### Patch Changes

- 43bf37a5: fix(sandbox): should get container from getter function in every accessing
- a34a92a9: feat(sandbox): micro app mounting should wait unit rebuilding link element loaded to avoid unstyleed content flash
- 7cf93b54: fix(sandbox): createElement hijack must be paired to avoid rewriting leak

> - 32106b11: fix(sandbox): fix async script order index calculate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 32106b11: fix(sandbox): dynamic async script order should calculate on the fly
```
